#Capstone

The project so far: The idea behind my project involves the [1% rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1%25_rule_(Internet_culture)), which states that only one percent of people actually create content on the internet. Most everyone else either interacts with this content or simply consumes it. The goal of the project is too look at the people who post successful content on subforums and then see what other subforums they post in, the idea being that consumers are likely to read subforums that share creators - which likely means some kind of overlap in tone or subject.

In order to do this I got two servers from AWS that allowed me to scrape data from Reddit continuously for three weeks. In that time I was able to see connections between approximately 21,000 subreddits. Because of restrictions on server time, I was only able to look at a particular subreddit for a few days at a time.

The biggest issues that I faced were with scaling and automation. I was able to create work files that allowed me to use the scraper on up to 25 subreddits at a time, a process that took about 3.5 hours. I ran the scraper as a cron job on the server from AWS every four hours. This created a series of files with the names of posters and other data that I eventually decided not to use. When a subreddit was finished being scraped I woud concatenate the files togther and eliminate duplicate posters. I would then go through the user profiles of these posters and get information on other subreddits where they post. Using PRAW, the Reddit api wrapper, was not an option for user profiles but I was able to get a json file and still use the Reddit api. I collected the data in a csv file and was able to see the number of posts that a person from one subreddit posted in another subreddit. I used these totals as the basis for my recommender system.

In the future I would like to deploy this serverlessly through lambda with data storage on S3. A good solution would be to monitor about 25 subreddits live per app, enabling me to monitor a much larger area of Reddit and make more accurate predictions. It will also allow me to cut down on server and package maintenance, which was a major issue. The plan is to deploy the recommender system as a flask app running on AWS lambda with the aid of zappa. I have a small app running there now and hope to have it complete by Monday.
